good afternoon dear friends dear
knife lovers maybe not quite
Suitable background to show
knife but nonetheless I am in the country at home and
so finca steel h12mf
blade natural forged surface
polished blade production
Pavlovsk knife workshop
Alexey Fedotov that can be seen on the stigma
letter f means this is the first letter of the last name
Fedotov handle recruited from blue and
white cards in vest colors
so we position this knife as
a gift to a sailor or paratrooper
either well to all those who are concerned
other troops not only to the troops can
someone just like that sleeve
we just made it in the colors of the vest
so Finnish
based on nkvd finky nkvd little
of course here
forms the handle others what heckin who up
but it does mean this way and that
here's a bauble from a narrow knife
Alexey Fedotov workshop
Thank you for your attention
thank
to new meetings